this video app review is brought to you
by the iphone app review com what's up
everybody this is luke patrick with the
iphone app review com today we're
singing out yet another video review
this time taking a look at an
application called total spec HD which
is the ipad version of the application
that we already took a look at on the
iphone these are companion apps they're
in fact sort of the same app though just
different variations for the different
devices so for instance total spec HD
offers the same sort of cosmic
cosmopolitan excuse me metropolitan
fashion arts etc experience that we
loved on the iPhone although it's been a
sort of repackaged and redesigned to
look a little bit better and make better
use of the iPads extensive screen real
estate all in all we're going to go
ahead and just say that we absolutely
love this app and then again we are sort
of suckers for a well music politics and
fashion so enjoy that quite a bit but
with that my notes just kind of go ahead
and jump straight into how this works
unlike the iphone application a lot of
the social features have been sort of
taken out of the ipad version of Telos
becker and we are completely fine with
that if it fits the concept of the ipad
better in the sense that you can simply
go through and kind of you could let me
explain this way total spec is intended
to be your own one resource for
basically any sort of information news
or updates about music politics or
fashion so in that sense if you're like
us and you're constantly reading fashion
blogs or reading you know sources that
give keep you updated on like the
entertainment industry what's going on
with your favorite bands etc etc and
sort of an indie way tolls becca is
easily well it's an easy shoehorn into
any sort of setup that your product got
to demonstrate this we're going to
simply go read all and this of course
brings up the Flipboard like interface
that we enjoyed quite a bit I wanted to
kind of flick through to sort of show
you what's going on here so for instance
you got some news about Trump and the
latest election news go Obama of course
and then also you've got a movie review
like we've got our go right there
or furthermore well signed in O'Conner
yeah well you can get I don't have to
narrate every bit of this essentially
wide variety of stuff all of it though
excuse me of course related to either
muse music news or politics so our
fashion to excuse me so for instance if
you want to read this article about
louie ck from New York you can simply
boot this up and then take a look if you
are close it so we do that again very
simple a lot of Flipboard sort of
functionality going on there and you can
of course share to facebook twitter or
these other share options that are
included mail and Safari you can also
book market if you'd like which is nice
let's say you want to go ahead and
quickly scan through some other stuff
let's say we want to see trailers we
mentioned in the iphone version while we
take a look at it them actually saw a
trailer in a that we quite light it was
this one actually starbuck which is a
you know a few moments say that we
hadn't actually heard of but it looks
rather good comes with subtitles in
English if you need that so obviously
you can get some nice variety of
trailers going on here which is quite
nice if you want to stay up to date with
coming what's coming out in sort of a
hand-picked way you've got that going on
furthermore you've gotta watch features
watch the big picture picture also you
can take a look at various pictures that
are coming out so for instance you've
got celebrities you've got fashion all
of this is included within the app which
is quite nice and I you know we could
keep at this and just keep going but
essentially we're just going to sort of
start wrapping things up because
obviously a lot of data a lot of
information a lot of content coming thru
total spec you've got a couple different
categories this is being updated
frequently in the interface of course we
liked it a lot obviously we compared it
to flip board which is in fact one of
our favorite ipad apps ever so obviously
we dig it and we do it's very intuitive
it's very simple it's very easy to
navigate stock pricing for a second
total spec is available for free in the
App Store though you will need a
subscription to actually maintain access
to it for all of you Brits out there
this application will cost you only 69p
which actually isn't bad at all that's a
rather cheap for a month service that is
of course forcing a 169 p for a single
month decent price actually that's not
bad at all it's extremely cheap for the
services that you get and even for the
cost of an entire year you're not
looking at a massively dear expenditure
so with all of that in mind what are we
going to give total spec obviously we
like it we like the content that it
serves up with like the way that's
presented so at the end of the day what
do we have to say about it well we like
it we're going to give it a 4 out of 5
star rating from less here at the iphone
app review com excuse me a 4.5 out of 5
star rating from is here day fo never be
calm for its interface for its value and
for the content that it offers up so
with all of that in mind against a 4.5
out of 5 for toe spec HD and at this
point that's all we have to say about it
so I'm going to go ahead and sign out
but we will see you guys later bye